1. Project's Title
  Basic Financial and Poll Data Analysis 

2. Project Description
  This python script accepts the financial data for a theoretical company and the polling data for a theoretical small town election.
  For the financial data, a table is generated containing some basic information about profit gains and losses.
  For the poll data, a table is generated showing the performance and winning candidates.
  Both scripts will produce a .txt file with the same information that shows up in the terminal.

4. How to Install and Run the Project
  Download the python-challenge directory locally and execute either or both main.py files using a python interpretter for PyBank and PyPoll for the financial analysis and polling data, respectively.

6. How to Use the Project
  The data format expected is:
  PyBank - a pair of columns: the first contining date information in mmm-YY format, and aggregate profit/loss information in the other.
  PyPoll - a set of three columns' data: Ballot ID as a string, County as string, and Candidate as string.
  
  Download the python-challenge directory and maintain the folder structure of python-challenge/PyPoll or /PyBank, each with a Resources and Analysis folder.
  Open and execute the python files, main.py, in each of the PyPoll/PyBank root folders.
  
  Data will be output to the terminal as well as a .txt file, housed in the Analysis folder.

7. Credits
  Example data and direction for creation were provided by Rutgers University Data Science Bootcamp, taught by Anju Ajwani, 2023.
  Structure of README file provided here: https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/how-to-write-a-good-readme-file/
  All sources of code used are given context and source within the comments of the code.
 
8. License
  Contact Rutgers University for acceptable use of the code generated by student through their bootcamp course, as policy may change at any time.
